Mw hrastega patch 1 (#1)
mathworks/jenkins-matlab-plugin-doc: CONFIGDOC.md

| macOS        | /Applications/MATLAB_R2022b.app |

### Specify Build Steps
When you set up the **Build Steps** section of the project configuration window, the plugin provides you with three build steps:

* To run a MATLAB build, use the [Run MATLAB Build](#run-matlab-build) step.
* To run MATLAB and Simulink tests and generate artifacts, use the [Run MATLAB Tests](#run-matlab-tests) step.

> * To run a MATLAB script, function, or statement, use the [Run MATLAB Command](#run-matlab-command) step.

Reviewer: At some point (not necessarily now), it feels like we should add a table or something explaining when you would want to use one of these steps vs the others.

- Run MATLAB Build: For sophisticated workflows that require more than just running tests
- Run MATLAB Tests: If you only care about running tests 
- Run MATLAB Command: For simple workflows that just require running a command

Author: Like! Good suggestion.

}
``` 

### Use the `runMATLABBuild` Step
Use the `runMATLABBuild` step in your pipeline to run a build using the [MATLAB build tool](https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/matlab_prog/overview-of-matlab-build-tool.html). You can use this step to run the tasks specified in a file named `buildfile.m` in the root of your repository. To use the `runMATLABBuild` step, you need MATLAB R2022b or a later release.

> The `runMATLABBuild` step accepts an optional input. Use this input to specify the tasks to run. If you specify the step in your `Jenkinsfile` without an input (`runMATLABBuild()`), the plugin runs the default tasks in `buildfile.m` as well as all the tasks on which they depend.

Reviewer: `runMATLABBuild()` will be fixed when this doc goes out?

Author: Yes, @davidbuzinski said it will be a simple fix.

Reviewer 2: Yes, in the Jenkinsfile step syntax the `tasks` option needs to be switched from required to optional. I'll make sure to submit this change before we release.

Input                     | Description    
------------------------- | ---------------

> `tasks`                   | (Optional) Task to execute. If you specify more than one task, use a space to separate them.<br/>**Example:** `'mytask'`<br/>**Example:** `'compile' 'test'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tasks`                   | (Optional) Task to execute. If you specify more than one task, use a space to separate them.<br/>**Example:** `'mytask'`<br/>**Example:** `'compile test'`

```

Author: Good catch. Fixed.

>                             runMATLABCommand 'pwd'

Reviewer: Why are these 2 separate runMATLABCommand steps? Why not just `runMATLABCommand 'ver'` or `runMATLABCommand 'ver, pwd'`?

Author: Updated as suggested.

                        }
                    }
                    stage('Run MATLAB Tests') {

>                     steps {

Reviewer: Indentation looks off here

Author: Fixed.
